nopal rich sumptuous is the most tender
part of the pig this is better when it's
slightly pink yes that's right granny
pink first of all you have to score that
fat on the outside you get some really
nice crispy crackling score if you
haven't got a sharp knife I mean really
sharp use a Stanley knife it works
brilliantly stuff just slice into the
center and open it up and look
lemon zest it gives it a really nice
summery zesty lightness sage sage and
pork go brilliantly well together
parsley garlic nicely thin
shards salt pepper olive oil like a
blanket of aroma fold it over just like
an envelope time
put the string in the pots are stopping
and running around
salt pepper olive oil mop it up it
smells amazing it's not even cooked yet
straight in hot oven 45 minutes just
smell of that is amazing
look crispy cracking rest untie carve
nice thick slices
that's what I like to hear that noise
crispy correctly
tender and delicious
fragrant lemon zest with the sage and
the parsley extraordinary hot line with
lemon and sage done